hello everybody I start this video and I
want to show you how to work with mess
which mean multi emulator super system
okay for sure this is emulator that used
a lot a lot of system like 500 systems
like computers consoles handheld games
and a lot a lot more you see here on
this menu on the right is filtering
about different systems like you see
some of them work some of them of them
didn't work however I want to show you
how to play console of Super Nintendo
games and Sega Megadrive
and Genesis games first of all you need
to know that not all bills files are
included in this multi emulator super
system which is based on source code of
main which is very very nice but has
some limitations and I will explain why
so first of all you need to know that if
you want to play Mega Drive and Genesis
game you will not have a problem because
the the system and biast files in for
Genesis and Mega Drive games are
included in mess so if you want to play
Mega Drive game just search for Genesis
system like this and you see the Genesis
system here USA NTSC and if you want to
play a game you must click this this tab
here and choose what around put in the
cartridge slot of the system ok I will
use running 202 of European version ok
and now when the ROM is selected and put
in there right cut cartridge slots here
you can start again very easily by
pressing by
Racing double-click here okay the game
now starts like you see it's no problem
for the game to run whatsoever okay
everything everything in maths work
exactly like a multi Orkut emulation
system that is name and you can set up
your keys your keys your video video
options here you can set up your video
options from here you can set up your
your keyboard keys from inside the games
so about Super Nintendo game systems
it's because it's not included in mass
so you need to download separately I
will not give a links to be oz files
because it's illegal but I'll show you
how to work for example when you want to
play a Nintendo game just search for
Super Nintendo and like see it's already
fun it my system I download videos files
and my system work now so if you want to
play games for Super Nintendo
Entertainment System you need to
download roms and go to the folder that
you install the multi Orkut emulation
system like this so if you want to play
Super Nintendo Entertainment System you
must first download or be Ostrom you
don't go to Mass folder and if you
didn't have this folder here roms you
can create it yourself
but if you have you must paste this file
s NES and SNES pal in this folder to
make a game available to play then I
like you used to play on Sega games you
mount the image here for example
let's say final fight and click double
double click on this top and the game
running okay from inside you can of
course set up your keys to play on
whatever you like okay this is was my
tutorial for math if you have another
questions or any other requests for
tutorial please let me miss it on my
youtube channel thanks